The year 2072 is the first day of global mutation.
I was born again.
How can you really be?
Come to the station
Liu Wei, wait for me at the door of the car.
Don't move
I'll be there in a minute
I'm going to take this chance.
Be sure to destroy the Sakura Organization before the monster mutates
Liu Wei, what are you doing?
Leave me alone
Otherwise none of us can leave
Open the door, you come out
Brother hurry up
Leave me alone.
i
To take the motorcade away
Liu Wei
Captain Zhang, what's wrong with you?
Catching turtles in a dream
Why don't you have something to do?
Time is running out.
I can't tell you a sentence or two.
Come with me first
Let's go
Dr. Wang Xinyi
Please leave with me now.